introduce supervisors at the top of the supervisors chapter (#1277)
elixir-lang/elixir-lang.github.com: getting-started/mix-otp/genserver.markdown

ref = Process.monitor(pid)
```

> This is a bad idea, as we don't want the registry to crash when a bucket crashes. A reasonable fix here, once we have settled for our `KV.Registry` to monitor its buckets via references, is replace `KV.Bucket.start_link` for a plain `start`. A more radical solution is explored in the next chapter, where we introduce "supervisors".

Reviewer: Using `start` is bad advice too. :) My suggestion:

```suggestion
This is a bad idea, as we don't want the registry to crash when a bucket crashes. The proper fix is to actually not link the bucket to the registry. Instead, we will link each bucket to a special type of process called Supervisors, which are explicitly designed to handle failures and crashes. We will learn more about them in the next chapter.
```
